Change docs to introduce the new --incremental option (#992)
EnterpriseDB/barman: doc/manual/50-feature-details.en.md

### Incremental backup

> Incremental backup is a type of full periodic backup which only saves data changes

Reviewer: mmm, I would avoid using the "full" world.. as is sorta true when you use hard links with rsync but is not true when talking of incremental.

I think that we should reword this:
```
Incremental backup is a type of full periodic backup which only saves data changes
from the latest full backup available in the catalog for a specific
PostgreSQL server.
```
 in:
```
Incremental backup is a special type of backup which uses an already existing full backup as reference
for copying only necessary data changes from the PostgreSQL server.
```
@gustabowill @barthisrael

Author: Agree! I found that a little strange too at first glance too, but this is how it is in the current docs, so I just kept it.

Author: Updated this.

Reviewer 2: Looks good.

from the latest full backup available in the catalog for a specific
PostgreSQL server. It must not be confused with differential backup,
which is implemented by _WAL continuous archiving_.

The main goals of incremental backups in Barman are:

- Reduce the time taken for the full backup process
- Reduce the disk space occupied by several periodic backups (**data
  deduplication**)

> Barman currently supports **file-level incremental backups** (using `rsync`) as well

Reviewer: should we move this higher? @barthisrael @gustabowill

Author: Humm I like it here because it leaves an opening to the following sections which discuss these topics in more detail. But Idk, would like to hear more opinions as well.

Reviewer 2: I think it's ok in the current location.

contexts and of those databases containing a high percentage of
_read-only historical tables_.

Rsync incremental backups can be enabled through a global/server option
called `reuse_backup`, that transparently manages the `barman backup`
command. It accepts three values:

- `off`: standard full backup (default)
- `link`: file-level incremental backup, by reusing the last backup for a server
  and creating a hard link of the unchanged files (for backup space
  and time reduction)

> - `copy`: file-level incremental backup, by reusing the last backup for a server

Reviewer 2: I wonder that we can add a note after this explaining that users of `rsync` don't need to take full and incremental backups, i.e. they can take all backups with `reuse_backup = link` if they want, and the first backup in the catalog will copy all files while the 2nd onwards only the deduplicated files.

With this, I'm willing to avoid a recurrent situation where people schedule some backups with `off` and others with `link` e.g.

Author: Just added a note about that at the end of the Rsync section.

barman backup --reuse-backup=link <server_name>
```

> **NOTE:** Unlike Postgres block-level incremental backups, Rsync file-level incremental backups are independent
> on their own, meaning that a backup that reused a previous backup for deduplication is not compromised

> > in any way if that backup is deleted. As mentioned, deduplication in Rsync backups is implemented with the use

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> in any way if the parent backup is deleted. As mentioned, deduplication in Rsync backups is implemented with the use
```

> of hard links, so when a previously reused backup is deleted, files shared with other backups will

> > still remain on disk, only being removed when the last backup using those files is also deleted. It also
> > means that there’s no need to take new full backups when a previous full backup is deleted, each backup
> > will still have all files and can be reused without any concerns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> still remain on disk, only being removed when the last backup using those files is also deleted. It also
> means that there’s no need to take full backups when a previous full backup is deleted, each backup
> will still have all files and can be reused without any concerns.
> Along the same lines, there is no need to ever take a full backup with rsync by using `reuse_backup = off`. If it is the first backup being taken with `reuse_backup = link`, in essence
> it behaves like `off` because there are no existing files to create hard-links on.
```

> **IMPORTANT:** The `reuse_backup` option must be used along with
> `rsync` or `local-rsync` as backup method.

### Block-level incremental backups

Since version 3.11, Barman introduces support for block-level incremental

> backups, leveraging the native [incremental backup support introduced in PostgreSQL 17](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/17/continuous-archiving.html#BACKUP-INCREMENTAL-BACKUP).

Reviewer 3: We can leave this for now, but once 17 is out and is the current version, we should change 17 for current. Let's do that as part of the next release.
This means we need a JIRA ticket so we don't forget ;)

(pages in PostgreSQL). This means that only those pages modified since the
last backup will need to be stored, making it a more efficient option,
especially for large databases with spread write patterns. In PostgreSQL, this feature is
implemented with the use of [WAL Summarization](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/17/runtime-config-wal.html#RUNTIME-CONFIG-WAL-SUMMARIZATION), therefore `summarize_wal` must be enabled
on your database server in order to use it.

You can perform block-level incremental backups in Barman using the `--incremental`
option when running a backup command. It accepts a backup id or backup ID shortcut as argument,
which references a previous backup (full or incremental) in the catalog to be used as a parent
for deduplication. In addition, you can also use `last-full` or `latest-full` to reference the latest
eligible full-backup in the catalog.

``` bash
barman backup --incremental <backup_id> <server_name>
```

To be able to perform a block-level incremental backup in Barman you must:

- Have PostgreSQL 17 or later.
- Have `summarize_wal` enabled.
- Have `postgres` as your backup method.

> > **NOTE:** Compressed backups are not yet eligible for incremental backups in Barman.

Reviewer 3: I would highlight the "yet" there ;-)
